SOLR-16544: Adding documentation for how to contribute to Solr (#1177)
apache/solr: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribute To Solr

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Apache Solr project. Solr continues to improve via the many contributions of developers around the world and new contributions are welcomed and encouraged.

> Your suggestions, comments and comments on Doris can be made directly through the [Apache Solr JIRA](https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/SOLR/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your suggestions and comments can be made directly through the [Apache Solr JIRA](https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/SOLR/issues).
```

There are many ways to participate in and contribute to Solr, such as: code implementation, test implementation, documentation improvements.

If you have any questions along the way, you can reach out to the community using the resources provided [here](https://solr.apache.org/community.html#mailing-lists-chat).

## How To Contribute

> Information on how to contribute can be found [here](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/dev-docs/how-to-contribute.adoc).

Reviewer: Instead of 'here' links, try to spell it out. Also, can the adoc link be relative and still work on github.com?
```suggestion
Information on how to contribute can be found in [dev-docs/how-to-contribute.adoc](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/dev-docs/how-to-contribute.adoc).
```

## Contributing Documentation

> One very helpful area for contribution to Solr is via documentation improvements and additions to help make Solr easier to use for others. You can read more about how to modify and update Solr documentation [here](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/solr/solr-ref-guide/README.adoc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One very helpful area for contribution to Solr is via documentation improvements and additions to help make Solr easier to use for others. You can read more about how to modify and update Solr documentation in the [Solr Reference Guide README](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/solr/solr-ref-guide/README.adoc).
```

> 

Reviewer: Add also links to dev-docs and `solr-site` repo README to let people know they can contribute to that part of the docs as well.

## Working With Solr Source Code

> Information on how to work with Solr source code and the build system can be found [here](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/dev-docs/solr-source-code.adoc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information on how to work with Solr source code and the build system can be found in the [developer documentation](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/dev-docs/solr-source-code.adoc).
```

## IDE Support

> Information on IDE support can be found [here](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/dev-docs/IDEs.adoc).

Reviewer: Same comment about 'here' applies

## JVM Support

> Information on JVMs can be found [here](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/dev-docs/jvms.adoc).

Reviewer: Same comment about 'here' applies

## FAQs

> Review FAQs [here](https://github.com/apache/solr/blob/main/dev-docs/FAQ.adoc)

Reviewer: Same comment about 'here' applies.

BTW: Is this FAQ really up to date? If not, better not link to it?
